---
title: 'Cookie Policy'
metadata:
    description: 'Cookie policy for the otherCode Blog '
    keywords: 'cookie policy, cookie, policy'
---

This website, otherCode, uses cookies to enhance user experience and provide additional functionalities. On this page, we explain what cookies are, how we use them, and how you can control them.

===

## What are cookies?

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device when you visit a website. These files contain information that can be useful for improving the browsing experience, such as language preferences, login status, among others.

## How do we use cookies?

We use cookies for various reasons, including:

Traffic analysis: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Personalized advertising: We may use cookies to display personalized ads based on your interests and browsing activities.
Site functionalities: Some cookies are essential for the operation of the website. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences and keep your session logged in when you log into the site.

## Cookie control

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish. For more information, visit aboutcookies.org or allaboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. However, if you do this, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some features and services may not work.

By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with this policy.

## Changes to the cookie policy

We reserve the right to modify this cookie policy at any time. Any significant changes will be communicated on our website.

If you have any questions about our cookie policy, feel free to contact us.

Last updated: 08-05-2024